General Manager Wang's phone is not available.
I knew what that kid was.
I have paid you back for such a long time.
Let you solve this problem.
What now?
You go arrange it.
I want to meet this kid in person.
Let him know.
My wonderful.
My mother-in-law can stay home.
I will go up myself.
He will not come looking for her.
It's okay. I'll go after I get my stuff.
I'm afraid I'll die in a few months.
By then it would be bad for him.
His husband died in a car accident.
Live with me for a few months.
There will be a lot of gossip about him.
Hey, why do you want so much when you're about to die?
Happiness is a day, anyway he said he wanted to live together.
Then live together.